I, I talk about Epstein a lot. So I'm like, oh, you do? Yeah. Okay. And, and he,
I was gonna say in terms of conspiracy theory, that one changed my outlook.
Cause I was like, I was like, whoa,
like you have this dude who convinced some of the most successful people
on earth that he was like some money manager and it looks like it was totally
fake. Leon black. I mean, this is one of the richest men on wall street,
$9 billion net worth.
Why has he given him over a hundred million between 2015 and
2019? Yeah. What's going on here, Lex Wexner. Same thing. So yeah,
I wanna hear because you know,
people who met him and the only person I know him met him was Eric Weinstein.
I've I've heard his right. Oh.
Boy. So I listen, I'm still Lynn and Eric is fascinating. And like,
Eric is full on saying that.
Uh, right. He was a Mustad or.
Whatever. Yeah. There's a fun for something, uh, something much, much,
much bigger. Um, and there's, uh, whatever his name, Robert Maxwell, all the,
all those stories
you could dig deeper and deeper that Jeffrey's just like the tip of the iceberg.
I just think he's an exceptionally charismatic, listen,
this isn't speaking from confidence or like deep understanding of the situation.
But from my speaking with people, he just seems like,
at least from the side of his in
and interaction with researchers,
he just seems like somebody that was exceptionally charismatic, uh,
and actually took interest.
He was unable to speak about interesting scientific things,
but he took interest in them. Hmm.
So he knew how to stroke the egos of a lot of powerful people, like, well,
like in, in different kinds of ways, I suppose I don't know about this,
cuz I don't have like if a really, okay, this is, this is weird to say,
but I have an ability. Okay.
I think women are beautiful. I like women. But like if, if a,
like a supermodel came to me or something like,
like I'm able to reason, it seems like some people yes.
Are not able to think clearly when there's like an attractive woman in the room.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and I think that was one of the tools he used to manipulate
people. Interesting. I don't know. Listen, it's like the pedophile thing. Right.
I, I don't know how people are complete sex addicts, but like, it seems like,
like looking out into the world, like there's a,
like the me too movement have revealed that there's a lot of like weird. Yeah.
Like, uh, creepy people out there. I don't know.
But I think it was just one of the many tools that he used, uh, to,
uh, convince people and manipulate people, but not in some like, um,
evil way, but more,
just really good at the art of conversation. Yeah.
And just winning people over on the side.
And then by building through that process,
building a network of other really powerful people and not explicitly,
but implicitly having done shady with powerful people.
Yeah.
Like building up a kind of implied power
of like, like we did some shady together.
So we're not like you're gonna help me out on this extra thing I need to do now.
And that builds and builds and builds to where you're able to actually control,
like have quite a lot of power without explain having like a strategy meeting.
And I think a single person, or yeah,
I think a single person can do that or can start that ball rolling.
And over time it becomes a group thing. Like, I don't know if, uh,
Julia Maxwell was involved or others and yeah, over time it becomes, oh,
was like a really powerful organization that wasn't,
that's not a front for something much deeper and bigger,
but it's almost like maybe it's cause I love cellular a toter man.
<laugh> a system that starts out as a simple thing with simple rules can create
incredible complexity. Yes. And so I just think that, uh,
we're now in retrospect it looks like an incredibly complex system that's
operating in, but like that's just because it's, you know,
there could be a lot of other Jeffrey Epsteins in,
in my perspective that the simple thing just, uh,
was successful early on and builds and builds and builds and builds.
And then there's, uh,
creepy that like a lot of aspects of the system helped it get bigger and bigger
and more powerful and so on. So the final result is, I mean,
listen, I, I have a pretty optimistic, I have a,
I tend to see the good in people.
And so it's been heartbreaking to me in general, just to see, you know, people,
I look up to not have level of integrity. I thought they would,
or like the strength of character. Mm-hmm,
<affirmative> all those kinds of things.
And it seems like you should be able to,
to see the that is Jeffrey Epstein. Like when you meet him. Right. Uh,
we're not talking about like Eric Weinstein,
like one or two or three or five interactions,
but like there's people that had like, like years of relationship with him.
Yeah. And I don't know. I, I'm not sure.
Even after he was convicted after he was convicted,
that's that always gets yeah. There's there's stories. I mean,
I don't need to sort of, uh, I honestly believe,
okay. Here's the open question I have.
I don't know how many creepy sexual people that are out there. Like,
I don't know if there's like,
like the people I know the faculty and so on.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> I don't know if they have like a kink that I'm just not
aware of. That was being leveraged. Because to me,
it seems like if, if, if people aren't,
if not everybody's the <laugh> <laugh> then it's just the art of
conversation that is just like the art of just like manipulating people by
making them feel good about like the and stuff they're doing. Listen, man,
academics are people talk about money.
I don't think academics care about money as much as people think,
what they care about is like somebody, they, they, they want to be,
uh,
it's the same thing that Instagram models posting their butt pictures is they
want to be loved. They want attention. My parents are.
Professors. Yeah.
They, they, and Jeff Epstein, like the money is another way to show attention.
Right. It's a proxy, it's it mind work matters. And, and, and he,
for some of he did that for some of the weirdest,
most brilliant people. I don't wanna sort of drop names,
but everybody knows them.
<affirmative> it's like people that are the most interesting academics is the
one he cared about. Yeah.
Like people are thinking about the most difficult questions of,
in all of science and all of engineering. So those people are,
were kind of outcasts in academia a little bit because they're doing the weird.
They were the weirdos <laugh> and he cared about the weirdos and he gave the
money. And that, uh, you know, I that's,
I don't know if there's something more nefarious than that. Uh, I, I hope not,
but maybe I'm surprised. And in fact, half the population of the world is the.
Pedophiles. No, I, I think it's what you were talking about,
which is that it's the,
it's the implication after the initial. Right.
You do some shady things together,
or you do something that you want out of the public eye and you're a public
person. And look, we probably even experienced this to a limited extent. Right.
You're like, ah, you know, like I don't want to, I don't know.
I almost lost my temper, you know, one time, whenever a car hit me and I'm like,
I can't freak out in public anymore. Like that, you know?
Like what if somebody takes a photo or something? Yeah.
And so I think that there's an extent of that times a billion,
literally when you have a billion dollars or more,
and you take that all together and you stack it up on itself.
I saw a story about like bill Clinton,
like bill Clinton was with Epstein or with Maxwell in a private
air terminal or something. And she had one of their like sex, you know,
one of those girls who was underage had her dressed up in a literal,
like pilot uniform. And she was underage in order to, you know,
and she was dis being disguised for being older. And she was a misuse.
Right. Because that was one of the, uh, guises,
which they got in order to sexually traffic, these women. And she was like,
bill was like complaining about his neck and she's like,
give bill Clinton a massage. Right.
So now there's of an underage girl giving a massage to the former president of
the United States. I don't think he knew. Right. But like that looks bad.
And so I thi this is kind of what we're getting at,
which is that you're setting it all up and creating those preconditions or like
prince Andrew, do I think prince Andrew knew that Virginia gore was underage.
I don't know. Probably knew she was pretty young, which I think is, you know,
ski enough where you're a prince, you probably know better. Yeah.
But I don't think he knew she was underage or maybe he did. And if he did,
then he is even more of a piece of than I thought. But when we,
when we look at these things, the,
the stuff I'm more interested in is like what you were talking about.
I'm like bill gates, how do you get the richest man of the world in your house?
Yeah. Like under what gates is like,
he was talking about financing and all this I'm like,
you don't have access to money or bankers.
Like you're the richest man in the world.
Like you can Goldman Sachs anytime you want on a hotline. Like, why do you need,
that's where,
that's where I start again to get more conspiratorial because I'm like,
bill dude, you can, you have the gold credit, right?
Like you don't need Epstein to create some complicated financing structure or
Leon black. Like what is two thousand fifteen thousand nine? I mean,
this is very recent stuff. Or,
and this is the part that really got me is I read the department of,
I think it's called the department of financial service report around dosha bank
with Epstein. They knew he was a criminal. They solicited his business.
Explicitly knew that his business meant access to other high net worth
individuals,
consistently dolled money out from his account for hush payments to women in
Europe and prostitution rings. They knew all of this within the bank.
It was elevated multiple times. Here's the other one,
one of Epstein's associates was like, Hey,
how much money can we take out before we hit the, you know,
automatic sensor before you have to tell the IRS.
And that question by,
by their own standards is supposed to result in a notification to the feds and
they never did it.
And he was withdrawing like 2 million of cash in five years for tips. Yeah.
To I'm like, okay, I'm like, something's going on here? Yeah. Like you.
See what I'm saying?
There's a lot of signs that make you think that there's a bigger thing at play
than just the man that there's some,
it does look like a larger organization is using this front.
Right. It's PO again, I don't know. I, I truly don't know.
And I'm not willing to use the certainty,
which I think a lot of people online are to say like it wants 100%.
The certain is always.
The problem, because that,
that's probably why I hesitate to touch conspiracy theories is cuz I'm
allergic to certainty in all forms, in politics,
any kind of discourse and people are so sure in,
in both directions actually it's, it's kind of hilarious. Uh,
either they're sure that the conspiracy theory, uh, particular,
whatever the conspiracy theories is false. Like almost dismiss it. Like,
uh, like they don't even wanna talk about it's like the people,
like the way they dismiss that the earth is flat. Yes. Most scientists are like,
they don't even want to like hear what the,
what the flat earthers are saying.
<laugh> they don't have a like zero patience for it, which is like,
maybe in that case yeah. Is deserved.
But everything else you really like have empathy,
like consider the, you have like, this is weird to say,
but I feel like you have to <affirmative> consider that the earth might
be flat for like one minute. Like you have to be empathetic.
You have to be open minded.